AWS Organizations (#30525)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-Organizations/Integrations/AWSOrganizations/README.md

                "Id": "o-abcde12345",
                "MasterAccountArn": "arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:account/o-abcde12345/111222333444",
                "MasterAccountEmail": "user@xsoar.com",
                "MasterAccountId": "111222333444"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Organization
>|Id|Arn|FeatureSet|MasterAccountArn|MasterAccountId|MasterAccountEmail|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| o-abcde12345 | arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:organization/o-abcde12345 | ALL | arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:account/o-abcde12345/111222333444 | 111222333444 | user@xsoar.com |

### aws-org-organization-unit-create

***
Creates an organizational unit (OU) within a root or parent OU. An OU is a container for accounts that enables the organization of accounts to apply policies according to business requirements. The number of levels deep that OUs can be nested is dependent upon the policy types enabled for that root. For service control policies, the limit is five.

#### Base Command

`aws-org-organization-unit-create`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | name | The friendly name to assign to the new OU. | Required | 
> | parent_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the parent root or OU to create the new OU in. | Required | 
> | tags | A comma-separated list of tags to attach to the newly created OU. Each tag should be in the format: "key=value". | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name | The friendly name to assign to the new organizational unit. | Required | 
| parent_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the parent root or organizational unit to create the new organizational unit in. | Required | 
| tags | A comma-separated list of tags to attach to the newly created organizational unit. Each tag should be in the format: "key=value". | Required | 
```

| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | AWS.Organizations.OrganizationUnit.Id | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) associated with this OU. | 
> | AWS.Organizations.OrganizationUnit.Arn | String | The Amazon Resource Name \(ARN\) of this OU. | 
> | AWS.Organizations.OrganizationUnit.Name | String | The friendly name of this OU. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS.Organizations.OrganizationUnit.Id | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) associated with this organizational unit. | 
| AWS.Organizations.OrganizationUnit.Arn | String | The Amazon Resource Name \(ARN\) of this organizational unit. | 
| AWS.Organizations.OrganizationUnit.Name | String | The friendly name of this organizational unit. | 
```

#### Command example
```!aws-org-organization-unit-create name=test parent_id=r-12ab tags="new=true,key=value"```
#### Context Example
```json
{
    "AWS": {
        "Organizations": {
            "OrganizationUnit": {
                "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:ou/o-abcde12345/ou-ab12-abcd1234",
                "Id": "ou-ab12-abcd1234",
                "Name": "test"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Organization Unit
>|Id|Name|Arn|
>|---|---|---|
>| ou-ab12-abcd1234 | test | arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:ou/o-abcde12345/ou-ab12-abcd1234 |

### aws-org-organization-unit-rename

***
Renames the specified organizational unit (OU). The ID and ARN don’t change. The child OUs and accounts remain in place, and any attached policies of the OU remain attached.

#### Base Command

`aws-org-organization-unit-rename`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| organizational_unit_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the OU to rename. This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-parent-list". | Required | 

> | name | The new name to assign to the OU. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| name | The new name to assign to the organizational unit. | Required | 
```

| page_size | The number of policies to return per page. The maximum is 1000. | Optional | 
| next_token | The token denoting the next page of policies, as given by the response of the previous run of this command under the context key "AWS.Organizations.PolicyNextToken". | Optional | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Id | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Arn | String | The Amazon Resource Name \(ARN\) of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Name | String | The friendly name of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Description | String | The description of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Type | String | The type of policy. | 

> | AWS.Organizations.Policy.AwsManaged | Boolean | Indicates whether the specified policy is an Amazon Web Services managed policy. If true, the policy can be attached to roots, OUs, or accounts, but cannot be edited. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.AwsManaged | Boolean | Indicates whether the specified policy is an Amazon Web Services managed policy. If true, the policy can be attached to roots, organizational units, or accounts, but cannot be edited. | 
```

***
Retrieves information about a policy.

#### Base Command

`aws-org-policy-get`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| policy_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the policy that you want details about. This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-policy-list". | Required | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Id | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Arn | String | The Amazon Resource Name \(ARN\) of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Name | String | The friendly name of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Description | String | The description of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.Type | String | The type of policy. | 

> | AWS.Organizations.Policy.AwsManaged | Boolean | Indicates whether the specified policy is an Amazon Web Services managed policy. If true, the policy can be attached to roots, OUs, or accounts, but cannot be edited. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS.Organizations.Policy.AwsManaged | Boolean | Indicates whether the specified policy is an Amazon Web Services managed policy. If true, the policy can be attached to roots, organizational units, or accounts, but cannot be edited. | 
```

#### Context Example
```json
{
    "AWS": {
        "Organizations": {
            "Policy": {
                "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:policy/o-abcde12345/service_control_policy/p-1234abcd",
                "AwsManaged": false,
                "Description": "Used for test purposes",
                "Id": "p-1234abcd",
                "Name": "Test",
                "Type": "SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Organization Policies
>|Id|Arn|Name|Description|Type|AwsManaged|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| p-1234abcd | arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:policy/o-abcde12345/service_control_policy/p-1234abcd | Test | Used for test purposes | SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY | false |

### aws-org-policy-attach

***
Attaches a policy to a root, an organizational unit (OU), or an individual account.

#### Base Command

`aws-org-policy-attach`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| policy_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the policy to attach to the target. This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-policy-list". | Required | 

> | target_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the root, OU, or account to attach the policy to. This value can be retrieved by running the commands "aws-org-root-list" or "aws-org-account-list". | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| target_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the root, organizational unit, or account to attach the policy to. This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-root-list" or "aws-org-account-list". | Required | 
```

| page_size | The number of policies to return per page. The maximum is 1000. | Optional | 
| next_token | The token denoting the next page of policies, as given by the response of the previous run of this command under the context key "AWS.Organizations.PolicyNextToken". | Optional | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.Organizations.TargetPolicy.Id | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.TargetPolicy.Arn | String | The Amazon Resource Name \(ARN\) of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.TargetPolicy.Name | String | The friendly name of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.TargetPolicy.Description | String | The description of the policy. | 
| AWS.Organizations.TargetPolicy.Type | String | The type of policy. | 

> | AWS.Organizations.TargetPolicy.AwsManaged | Boolean | Indicates whether the specified policy is an Amazon Web Services managed policy. If true, the policy can be attached to roots, OUs, or accounts, but cannot be edited. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS.Organizations.TargetPolicy.AwsManaged | Boolean | Indicates whether the specified policy is an Amazon Web Services managed policy. If true, the policy can be attached to roots, organizational units, or accounts, but cannot be edited. | 
```

                    "TargetId": "ou-ab12-abcd1234",
                    "Type": "SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY"
                },
                {
                    "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::aws:policy/service_control_policy/p-FullAWSAccess",
                    "AwsManaged": true,
                    "Description": "Allows access to every operation",
                    "Id": "p-FullAWSAccess",
                    "Name": "FullAWSAccess",
                    "TargetId": "ou-ab12-abcd1234",
                    "Type": "SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY"
                }
            ],
            "TargetPolicyNextToken": null
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Organization *ou-ab12-abcd1234* Policies
>|Id|Arn|Name|Description|Type|AwsManaged|
>|---|---|---|---|---|---|
>| p-1234abcd | arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:policy/o-abcde12345/service_control_policy/p-1234abcd | Test | Used for test purposes | SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY | false |
>| p-FullAWSAccess | arn:aws:organizations::aws:policy/service_control_policy/p-FullAWSAccess | FullAWSAccess | Allows access to every operation | SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY | true |

### aws-org-policy-delete

***

> Deletes the specified policy from the organization. Before performing this operation, the policy must be detached from all organizational units (OUs), roots, and accounts.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes the specified policy from the organization. Before performing this operation, the policy must be detached from all organizational units (OUs), roots, and accounts.
```

#### Base Command

`aws-org-policy-delete`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| policy_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the policy that you want to delete. This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-policy-list". | Required | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
#### Command example
```!aws-org-policy-delete policy_id=p-1234abcd```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Organization Policy Deleted
>|PolicyId|
>|---|
>| p-1234abcd |

### aws-org-resource-tag-add

***
Adds one or more tags to the specified resource.

#### Base Command

`aws-org-resource-tag-add`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | resource_id | The ID of the resource to add a tag to. This value can be retrieved by running the commands "aws-org-root-list", "aws-org-account-list", "aws-org-root-list" or "aws-org-policy-list". | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| resource_id | The ID of the resource to add a tag to. This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-root-list", "aws-org-account-list", "aws-org-root-list", or "aws-org-policy-list". | Required | 
```

| tags | A comma-separated list of tags to attach to the resource. Each tag should be in the format: "key=value". | Required | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
#### Command example
```!aws-org-resource-tag-add resource_id=ou-ab12-abcd1234 tags="test=true,key=value"```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Organization Resource Tagged
>|ResourceId|
>|---|
>| ou-ab12-abcd1234 |

### aws-org-resource-tag-list

***
Lists tags that are attached to the specified resource.

#### Base Command

`aws-org-resource-tag-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | resource_id | The ID of the resource with the tags to list. This value can be retrieved by running the commands "aws-org-root-list", "aws-org-account-list", "aws-org-root-list" or "aws-org-policy-list". | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| resource_id | The ID of the resource with the tags to list. This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-root-list", "aws-org-account-list", "aws-org-root-list", or "aws-org-policy-list". | Required | 
```

| --- | --- | --- |
| account_name | The friendly name of the member account. | Required | 
| email | The email address of the owner to assign to the new member account. This email address must not already be associated with another Amazon Web Services account. Use a valid email address to complete account creation. | Required | 
| iam_user_access_to_billing | If set to ALLOW, the new account enables IAM users to access account billing information if they have the required permissions. If set to DENY, only the root user of the new account can access account billing information. Possible values are: Allow, Deny. Default is Allow. | Optional | 
| role_name | The name of an IAM role that AWS Organizations automatically pre-configures in the new member account. This role trusts the management account, allowing users in the management account to assume the role, as permitted by the management account administrator. The role has administrator permissions in the new member account. Default is OrganizationAccountAccessRole. | Optional | 
| tags | A comma-separated list of tags to attach to the newly created account. Each tag should be in the format: "key=value". | Required | 

> | request_id | The Id of the create request that is used for polling. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| request_id | The ID of the create request that is used for polling. | Optional | 
```

| interval_in_seconds | Indicates how long to wait between command executions (in seconds) when the 'polling' argument is true. Minimum value is 10 seconds. Default is 30. | Optional | 
| timeout | Indicates the time in seconds until the polling sequence times out. Default is 600. | Optional | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

> 

Reviewer: In the YML file there is an argument called hide_polling_output (line 333).  This argument does not appear here in the README.

Author: it's  a hidden argument

#### Command example
```!aws-org-root-list```
#### Context Example
```json
{
    "AWS": {
        "Organizations": {
            "Root": {
                "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:root/o-abcde12345/r-ab12",
                "Id": "r-ab12",
                "Name": "Root",
                "PolicyTypes": [
                    {
                        "Status": "ENABLED",
                        "Type": "BACKUP_POLICY"
                    },
                    {
                        "Status": "ENABLED",
                        "Type": "SERVICE_CONTROL_POLICY"
                    }
                ]
            },
            "RootNextToken": null
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Organization Roots
>|Arn|Id|Name|
>|---|---|---|
>| arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:root/o-abcde12345/r-ab12 | r-ab12 | Root |

### aws-org-children-list

***
List all of the organizational units (OUs) or accounts that are contained in the specified parent OU or root.

#### Base Command

`aws-org-children-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | parent_id | The unique identifier (ID) for the parent root or OU whose children are to be listed. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| parent_id | The unique identifier (ID) for the parent root or organizational unit whose children are to be listed. | Required | 
```

| child_type | Filters the output to include only the specified child type. Possible values are: Account, OrganizationalUnit. | Required | 
| limit | The number of children to return. Default is 50. | Optional | 
| page_size | The number of children to return per page. The maximum is 1000. | Optional | 
| next_token | The token denoting the next page of children as given by the response of the previous run of this command under the context key "AWS.Organizations.ChildrenNextToken". | Optional | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.Organizations.Children.Id | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) of the child entity. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Children.Type | String | The type of the child entity. | 

> | AWS.Organizations.Children.ParentId | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) for the parent root or OU of the child entity. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS.Organizations.Children.ParentId | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) for the parent root or organizational unit of the child entity. | 
```

| AWS.Organizations.ChildrenNextToken | String | If not null, indicates that more output is available than is included in the current response. Use this value in the next_token argument in a subsequent call of the command to get the next part of the output. | 

#### Command example
```!aws-org-children-list parent_id="r-ab12" child_type="OrganizationalUnit"```
#### Context Example
```json
{
    "AWS": {
        "Organizations": {
            "Children": {
                "Id": "ou-ab12-abcd1234",
                "ParentId": "r-ab12",
                "Type": "ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT"
            },
            "ChildrenNextToken": null
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Account *r-ab12* Children
>|Id|Type|
>|---|---|
>| ou-ab12-abcd1234 | ORGANIZATIONAL_UNIT |

### aws-org-parent-list

***
Lists all of the organizational units (OUs) or accounts that are a parent OU or root of the specified child.
This command returns only the immediate parents in the hierarchy.

#### Base Command

`aws-org-parent-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | child_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the OU or account whose parent containers you want to list. Don't specify a root.<br/>This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-account-list". | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| child_id | The unique identifier (ID) of the organizational unit or account whose parent containers you want to list. Don't specify a root.<br/>This value can be retrieved by running the command "aws-org-account-list". | Required | 
```

| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.Organizations.Parent.Id | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) of the parent entity. | 
| AWS.Organizations.Parent.Type | String | The type of the parent entity. | 

> | AWS.Organizations.Parent.ChildId | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) of the OU or account of the child of the parent entity. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AWS.Organizations.Parent.ChildId | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) of the organizational unit or account of the child of the parent entity. | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.Organizations.OrganizationalUnit.Id | String | The unique identifier \(ID\) associated with the organizational unit. | 
| AWS.Organizations.OrganizationalUnit.Arn | String | The Amazon Resource Name \(ARN\) of the organizational unit. | 
| AWS.Organizations.OrganizationalUnit.Name | String | The friendly name of the organizational unit. | 

#### Command example
```!aws-org-organization-unit-get organization_unit_id="ou-ab12-abcd1234"```
#### Context Example
```json
{
    "AWS": {
        "Organizations": {
            "OrganizationalUnit": {
                "Arn": "arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:ou/o-abcde12345/ou-ab12-abcd1234",
                "Id": "ou-ab12-abcd1234",
                "Name": "Moishy OU"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### AWS Organization Unit
>|Arn|Id|Name|
>|---|---|---|
>| arn:aws:organizations::111222333444:ou/o-abcde12345/ou-ab12-abcd1234 | ou-ab12-abcd1234 | Moishy OU |

### aws-org-account-list

***

> Lists all the accounts in the organization or a specific account by Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all the accounts in the organization or a specific account by ID.
```

#### Base Command

`aws-org-account-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | account_id | Get a specific account by Id. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| account_id | Get a specific account by ID. | Optional | 
```
